The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it. - Anonymous
Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan
Your limitation-it's only your imagination. - Anonymous
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. - Anonymous
Great things never come from comfort zones. - Anonymous
Dream it. Wish it. Do it. - Anonymous
Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it. - Anonymous
The harder you work, the luckier you get. - Gary Player
Don't stop when you're tired. - Anonymous
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction. - Anonymous
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. - Anonymous
Little things make big days. - Anonymous
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. - Anonymous
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it. - Anonymous
Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths. - Anonymous
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles. - Anonymous
Dream it. Believe it. Build it. - Anonymous
Success is what happens after you have survived all your mistakes. - Anonymous
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will. - Vince Lombardi
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse. - Jim Rohn
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. - John D. Rockefeller Jr.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. - Roy T. Bennett
Success is not in what you have, but who you are. - Bo Bennett
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. - Colin R. Davis
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: It is: Try to please everybody. - Herbert Bayard Swope
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston S. Churchill
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. - Steve Jobs
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember-the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you. - Zig Ziglar
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vidal Sassoon
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down. - Charles F. Kettering
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere. - Barack Obama
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. - John D. Rockefeller Jr.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it. - Oprah Winfrey
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Success is not in what you have, but who you are. - Bo Bennett
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. - Anonymous
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. - Anonymous
Do one thing every day that scares you. - Anonymous
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. - Anonymous
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. - Anonymous
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. - Proverb
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. - Anonymous
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. - Vaibhav Shah
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. - Chris Grosser
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. - Albert Einstein
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it. - Kim Garst
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. - David Brinkley
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. - Henry Ford
If you're going through hell keep going. - Winston Churchill
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. - Anonymous
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. - Anonymous
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. - Oscar Wilde
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. - Anonymous
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. - Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you. - Lolly Daskal
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist. - Anonymous
Hustle until you no longer have to introduce yourself. - Anonymous
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. - Anonymous
Do one thing every day that scares you. - Anonymous
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. - Anonymous
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - Lolly Daskal
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. - Anonymous
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. - Anonymous
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. - Anonymous
You can do anything, but not everything. - Anonymous
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. - Ray Goforth
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. - Dr. APJ Kalam
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
The starting point of all achievement is desire. - Napoleon Hill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. - Robert Collier